



supply. short in was apparel meant demand customer pent-up and rationing, of end the soldiers, returning war, the following immediately years the in But Forces. Allied and U.S. the to uniforms and overcoats, jackets, field supply to converted been had industries textile and apparel the II, War World During customer. per suits two of limit a impose to had Bond block, the around stretched store Square Times its at buyers hopeful of line the When war.1 the before since seen not choice product of level a reintroducing one, of instead pants of pairs two with suits of selection wide a offering by City York New in sensation a created time, the at chain clothing men’s largest the Stores, Bond 1940s, late the In 
manufacturers. and retailers American for arena tough a this made currently competition—has overseas fierce with markets—along segmented and seasons, selling numerous consumers, fickle with associated risk overall the token, same the By markdowns. costly to lead that gluts inventory the and items popular of stock-outs avoiding of chance better much a has now Stores Bond of equivalent contemporary The centers. distribution automated to days within orders ship can turn, in who, suppliers with information this share they systems, computer new Through consumers. by goods for demand real-time the reflects that information point-of-sales detailed collect Retailers purchase. clothing customer’s individual an service—limiting catalog or merchandiser, mass store, department high-end a it retailer—be a imagine to hard is it later, years Fifty 
capita.2 per 2 only was garments such of number estimated the China in capita; per shorts) and slacks, trousers, sweaters, blouses, dresses, shirts, jackets, coats, (all garments outerwear 28.7 purchased consumers American instance, for 1995, In alive. industry apparel American the kept has variety limitless for desire consumer the and choices, of range huge a expect and want customers contemporary pants, of pairs two with suit a by thrilled were customers Stores’ Bond Although advantages. competitive new reaping themselves, transform to begun 1980s—have the in analysts economic and commentators business by dead for industries—left textile and apparel U.S. today’s that is story this of aspect surprising most The 
policies. and implications trade global and logistics, of role new the management, inventory processes, manufacturing enterprises, these transformed have that technologies information the including industries, these of histories the cover We performance. improve to do must companies such what textiles—and and apparel, industries—retail, related three in era postwar the since happened has what describes book This trade. international of economics new the as well as practices management and technologies information new reflects that one sorts, of renaissance a entered have industries these but company; every for successful been means no by has and progress in still much very is manufacturing textile and clothing U.S. of transformation The 
sale. the follow that activities service or repair, installation, any and customer; the to item finished the of sale retailer; a to distribution facility; manufacturing a at item the of production materials; raw of acquisition original the including market, to product a get that relationships and firms all of set the is channel A channel. a of part integral an as viewed be must production apparel that concluded soon we but manufacturing, apparel on focus a with began study This specifics. and cases individual many involving one, complex a is story The 
decade. last the during change substantial undergone have dynamics channel that fulfillment, order and distribution particularly areas, these of some in is it And transportation. and fulfillment, order distribution, packaging, design, garment and fabric about suppliers to instructions or services involves often link retail The consumers. end to garments sell who retailers the includes also It garments. into fabric sew and cut and components; garment other and zippers, buttons, manufacture fabric; into yarn knit or weave yarn; into fiber spin fibers; natural refine and gather, produce, fibers; synthetic manufacture that companies the includes typically channel retail-apparel-textile A 
prices. low at products of variety a customers assured that handling material of methods modern use and labeling, product for standards adopt data, sales exchanging for technologies information implement suppliers that insisting by so did He 1996. by thousand three almost to grew and 1971 in stores Wal-Mart thirty-nine with began that juggernaut retail a built Walton Sam entrepreneur instance, For time. Stores’ Bond in of unheard was that way a in systems logistics and manufacturing in changes behind forces driving the been have Inc. Dillard’s and Corporation, Kmart Stores, Wal-Mart like retailers Indeed, distribution. and production of stages different among links the enhance to companies encouraged have changes technological and market of number a that mid-1980s the since only is It firms. autonomous relatively among relationships arm’s-length by characterized been have industries apparel and textile the in channels most recently, until But, garments. sew and cut who those to wares their sold have fabric-makers centuries, for course; of new, not are channels Supply 
economy. entire the in way under changes pervasive illuminates story its revolution, retail the of brunt full the face to first the of one been has industry apparel the because important, Most retailers. and producers apparel both to relates industry textile the way the changed also has retailing Lean relations. supplier their manage and production, plan and forecast distribution, undertake customers, retail to relate they which in manner the reorganize to producers apparel compelled retailing—have lean call we practices—which new These channels. retail-apparel-textile in outcomes competitive future determine will practices retailing in revolution this that contend We 
operations. assembly improved simply have that those today—not performance strongest the with ones the are channel, well-integrated a in participating practices, management and systems information new adopted have that companies The issue. primary the not is content labor direct that found have we firms, apparel American of hundreds studying of years after Yet operations.3 assembly improving by themselves save to able be might manufacturers apparel U.S. therefore, clothing; to apply also can example, for cars, to applies what then item, an produce to required time labor the by determined is performance manufacturing because that holds view traditional The shirt? a make to take it does minutes many how example, measures—for performance better establish to participants industry American by advised were we research, our began we When wisdom. conventional the defy findings our respects, many In 
board. the across manufacturing and retailing of transformation the highlight to story apparel U.S. the uses Time in Stitch A exception. no are channels retail-apparel-textile and dynamics, and elements, history, particular its has channel Every retailing. involves that industry any to say to much fashion—has of whims the to subject industry—always apparel the items, “fashion” as products their about talk bearings ball and tools power of manufacturers that Now well. as industries pharmaceutical and care, health automobile, the affecting is revolution retail The products. office and computers, personal products, home-building grocery, and food as industries such in relations channel transformed already have They economy. American the of segment growing a through rippling but profound only not are retailing in examine we changes The 
Change of Decades Five 
sneakers.4 and jeans, shirts, polo wear to employees permit days dress-down with organizations ten of out seven About 1990s. the during practice this establishing few a but all workplaces, their in days casual have now employers U.S. ten of out six Now attire. office for days” “casual have firms business Many look. grunge bedraggled the adopted children boomers’ baby as itself repeated history 1990s the in and brands, yuppie in ushered 1980s The uniform. wear casual T-shirts—the and jeans blue to way gave formality of vestiges these that 1970s the until wasn’t It blouse. and skirt a or dress a wear to had women halls; dining the in jacket and necktie, collar, a wear to men undergraduate required Harvard at code dress the 1969, as recently As millinery. and dresses in clothed were women and ballpark, the to hats and ties, suits, wore men 1960s, the in Even exist. not did today, it know we as wear,” “casual suits, buy to block the around up lining customers had Stores Bond When 
expenditures.7 household average of percent 5.52 to fallen had percentage that 1995, December by percent;6 10.63 was Index Price Consumer the of share apparel’s 1963, December In cleaning). dry and (laundry upkeep its and apparel on expended budgets consumer of proportion the reduced markedly have industries apparel and textile the within competition foreign and domestic and incomes, real rising clothes, in tastes shifting II, War World since Yet times.5 three almost increased imports, to vulnerable less production, textile while doubled, apparel of production domestic 1995, to 1950 From century. half past the over changes tremendous undergone have produce, they products other and clothing the like industries, textile and apparel U.S. The 
locations. new in shops specialty and Wal-Mart like distributors mass of competition the from advertisements—suffered newspaper through marketed and transportation mass by Company—served and Field Marshall or Macy’s as such cities, in based traditionally stores department large the means That suburbs. the to shifted clothing and food, shelter, for power purchasing increased families, income lower of proportion high a retained cities inner Because suburbs.8 rural the or cities inner the than faster far 1980s the through 1950s the in units housing increased suburbs metropolitan The families. wage-earner two of number growing a to closer outlets other and malls, centers, shopping for opportunities new created suburbs of expansion rapid the and cities central around system highway the of growth The sold. is clothing where and how influenced have industry retail the in changes structural Meanwhile, 
garment-making. actual for dramatically off dropped has it while doubled, has areas these in 1960s the since employment again, once trimmings; automotive and furnishings, house draperies, curtains, like items nonclothing produce now workers all of quarter a than more industry, apparel the In decade. next the over further expand to projected is and doubled has production rug and carpet for employed workers of number the industry, textile the in years thirty-five past the Over era. postwar the since changed also has mix the and products, of variety wide a manufacture industries textile and apparel the compose that enterprises The 
economy.”11 the of sectors other most than States United the in groups disadvantaged more educated, well less to positions, entry-level including jobs, more proportionately offer apparel and “textiles that emphasized Advocates basis. negotiated a on countries among products these in trade of growth “orderly” the for provide to was MFA the of purpose stated The market. domestic U.S. the of growth the of estimates to related largely imports for quotas established 1974, in effective became which nations participating with negotiated agreements bilateral of network a (MFA), Arrangement Multi-Fiber The governments. other with agreements through primarily imports, of growth the moderate to sought have policymakers national 1960s, the Since goods. manufactured other many than higher remained have imports their on Tariffs regulation. import special by characterized been long have States United the in textiles and apparel though even this, earlier10—all decades three as garments outerwear of number capita per same the about only with production domestic leaving 1995, in total the half provided however, Imports, 1995.9 to 1967 from period the in 28.7 to 14.3 from increased States United the in purchased garments outerwear of number capita per the example, For overseas. assembled clothing of tide the stem to little relatively done have U.S.A.” the in “Made or label” “union the buy to Exhortations competition. foreign and technology new to related are changes These 
cause. lost a was U.S.A.” the in “Made like look indeed might leaders—it unexpected into companies American some turned industry—and apparel the recasting also is that practices retailing in shift the consider not did one if But evolving. still are account into them take that policies national and uncertain, remains changes trade these of impact The competition. global to exposed more even become will which industry, apparel U.S. the to blow fatal a deal could changes these believe policymakers and participants industry American Many 2005. 1, January ends that period ten-year a over (GATT) Trade and Tariffs on Agreement General the into integrated be to are trade apparel and textiles replaced; been now has MFA the 1994, in concluded that negotiations trade international of Round Uruguay the of out grew that agreements the of signing the with Yet 
Not? Industry—or Dying A 
shorts.13 and slacks women’s and dresses, girls’ and women’s trousers, boys’ and men’s for occurred imports in expansion similar A 1996. by percent 43 to 1973 in percent 10 just from went example, for suits, boys’ and men’s for penetration import value),12 dollar than (rather units physical in penetration import measure we If mid-1970s. the in starting categories most in rapidly grew imports apparel manufacturers; apparel American undercut certainly have imports of penetration increasing the and overseas labor Low-cost headed. are industries these where of picture grim a paints wisdom conventional The oxymoron. an still is industries textile and apparel U.S. the of future the about book a commentators, many For 
1973.16 in employees million 1.4 of peak a reached and 1950 in employees million 1.2 about employed that industry an from 714,00015—this just to workers 864,000 from 2006 to 1996 period the during industry apparel domestic the in reduction further a projects Statistics Labor of Bureau U.S. the And appreciably. declined period this during sector apparel the in employment surprisingly, Not 1993.14 in 567 of high a to 1975 in 227 from climbed manufacturers apparel U.S. among failures business of number the consequence, one As 
disadvantage. competitive significant very a at manufacturers U.S. put to high sufficiently is differential cost labor the scenario, exchange-rate realistic any under fluctuate, rates exchange as varies differences these of magnitude the Although Mexico.19 and China of Republic People’s the like countries in competitors of those exceed far levels wage U.S. and categories,18 garment many for cost of portion significant a represent costs Labor establishments.17 contracting and manufacturing small generally among competition price-based by driven is apparel, women’s particularly Apparel, way: this in decline industry’s the explains wisdom conventional The 
scale.21 of economies capture to seeking emerged, Shirt Hathaway and Company; Shirt Arrow Loom; the of Fruit Marx; and Schaffner, Hart, Haggar; as such manufacturers apparel men’s large relatively more, mattered always has style where industry, women’s the Unlike times. lead delivery long with and price possible lowest the at shirts white of shipments large for manufacturers apparel with deals striking by succeeded buyers Store predictable. relatively shirts individual for demand made variety product limited and content fashion low environment, this In 1960s.20 the through sold shirts dress all of percent 30 than less constituted colors uncommon and patterns, stripes, with Shirts stores. department through primarily shirts, dress white were States United the in sold shirts men’s of majority the era, II War post-World the of much Throughout illustration. another provides shirts men’s of manufacture The 
year.22 a percent 3 of average an declined 1996 and 1972 between shirts boys’ and men’s in employment And producers. offshore to share market enormous lost manufacturers shirt U.S. result, a As “competitive.” be to Kong Hong in firms than productive more times 2.5 be to need would apparel-makers U.S. countries, the between differentials wage of because example, For basis. price/cost a on determined principally is performance if apparel-makers, U.S. hurt increasingly have levels compensation hourly But 
apparel. like industry “mature” a in even situation, this in applicable directly not are competition market about assumptions economic Classical goods. unsold of volumes large holding of risk increased to manufacturers and retailers exposing while shirts of assortment huge a with consumer final the providing style, and design, fabric, in diversity dizzying of shirts by replaced been has staple one-time This white.23 were shirts dress men’s of percent 20 than more little 1986, by production: shirt all of proportion small a only constitutes now goods, staple many like good, “staple” this analysis, price/cost a to itself lend may shirts dress white basic of production the Although accounts. these with problem one just is There 
enterprises. their manage they way the of aspects basic changing in effort their is it room; assembly the in costs labor off shaving in success their not is performers high such of feature distinguishing the Yet lines. traditional along operate to continue that suppliers than profits in much as twice earn also manufacturers These season. a of end the at products unsold off write or down mark to need the reducing thereby hold, they inventory of amount the reduce significantly can production and planning of methods their change to them use and technologies information advanced in invest that manufacturers chapters, later in shown As 
rates. labor low over flexibility and speed, technology, information of triumph management—a inventory sophisticated and centers, distribution automated (EDI), interchange data electronic through so do firms U.S. These achieving. difficulty have suppliers overseas something notice, days’ few a just with orders deliver now can producers American practice best retailers; for service competitive a develop, to compelled been have or developed, have manufacturers Instead, not. did it country, this in remaining designers and centers distribution only with 1990s, early the in up given have could industry apparel American the that true is it Although 
Propositions Five Perspective: Channel The 
markets. changing rapidly to faster much respond to have companies that mean cycles product shortened and proliferation, product introduction, product of rates Increased variety. for appetite customer’s contemporary the again once Consider practice. manufacturing on impact its and demand of dynamics underlying the at look to need we others, for prototype a is industry apparel the why understand To EDI. or codes bar of use the or retailers few a of clout the in simply found be to not is answer The industries? these for opportunities new provided and textiles and apparel American for prognosis the changed has what So 
proliferation. product driving are products fashion-basic content, fashion some have items apparel basic of percentage growing a Because headed. is industry the where indicates triangle fashion the of center expanding This trim). or pleats with pants khaki or jeans stonewashed as (such element fashion some containing but item basic a on variants typically products, fashion-basic are triangle the of middle the In sold. products apparel of majority the constituted -historically Basics underwear. or shirts dress white men’s as such years, several for collection manufacturer’s or retailer’s a in remain that products basic are bottom triangle’s the At market. broader a for produced are season—but one life—usually selling short a have also products fashion of majority The sold. apparel of share small very a represent which runways, York New and Milan, Paris, from dresses include triangle this of top very the at items Apparel 1.1). (Figure triangle” “fashion a of form the in diversity product growing represent can we purposes, our For 
shipments. for demands retail to responding manufacturers or consumers to choices of range wide a offer to trying retailers are they whether proliferation, product with wrestling firms for capabilities crucial are flexibility and speed elements, fashion with products of number increasing an supply must manufacturers where world a In day. every harder planning production and forecasting demand making thereby manufacturers, and retailers both for uncertainty demand general to contribute differentiation, product and styles ever-changing in reflected cycles, product shorter and proliferation Product 
industries. U.S. these of sectors many of competitiveness the enhanced and standards, of variety a on based performance, better to led have turn, in relationships, channel New here. movers real the been centers—have distribution automated and EDI, of spread later the codes, bar technologies—like facilitating key of implementation and development the coordination, channel increased for motivation strong provided have changes these Although goods. diverse providing in efficiently and effectively more operate channels supply helped have transportation and communication in advances technological sure, be To 
manufacturers. and retailers apparel by adopted was practice the before passed decade another almost But manufacturers. grocery and stores chain food throughout spread to begun had codes bar 1975, By widths. differing of bars dark and light of sequence now-familiar the in represented are digits the All level.25 (SKU) unit stockkeeping the at item the identify five last the and manufacturer the for stand digits five first the purposes: scanning for code” product “universal a develop to 1970 in met companies other and stores, chain food manufacturers, grocery from CEOs of committee A vision. industry an than more became checkout automated laser, the of commercialization the With customers.24 to delays avoid and work cashier of costs labor the lower to 1970s the in industry grocery and food the with began instance, for codes, Bar others. in consequences unforeseen have often sphere one in economy market a in emerge that changes clear, make will we As itself. industry apparel the outside originated largely changes environmental and market, technological, significant these that Note 
firms. U.S. for opportunities new offer industry apparel today’s with associated risk and uncertainty demand the why indicates however, perspective, channel The policies. public and private for guideposts offer or dynamics industry future predict longer no can wisdom conventional The book. this of perspective channel the from arise that propositions five present we now, For industries. related the affected have technologies new such how at look in-depth an provide we operations, apparel and management, inventory revolution, retail the about chapters later In 
relationships. distribution and information through channel a as linked increasingly are sectors textile and apparel, retail, 1:  The Proposition 
concern. little of were parties the between problems coordination world, a such In completed. then was transaction the and contracts these on based deliveries made periodically companies Apparel delivered. be to goods of quantities and prices determine sellers apparel and buyers retail between transactions arm’s-length example, For relationships. market traditional by separated industries, distinct considered are sectors three these terms, conventional In 
suppliers. and retailers between boundaries traditional the blurred have that practices managerial and technologies, other software, and hardware computer of web complex a established have channels retail-apparel-textile transformed in companies And expenditures. consumer actual on based orders ongoing periodic receive now firms season, selling a of advance in months made guesses and forecasts to decisions production and planning gearing of Instead sales. consumer on information real-time of infusion the of because chain, production and distribution the of stages all at enterprises of integration the in resulted have practices These practices. retail in revolution a reflects perspective channel the level, fundamental most its At today. apparel of world real the not is this emphasized, already have we as But, 
systems. management and capabilities, forecasting links, information sophisticated introduce to ability the but competition price solely longer no is success to key the manufacturers, apparel 2:  For Proposition 
Advisers, Economic of Council Reagan’s President of chairman then Feldstein, Martin to According price—period. lowest is manufacturers apparel for performance competitive of basis the that holds wisdom conventional The 
business.26 that of out be to ought We labor. of hour an $5 or $4 at that buy to them forcing by consumers American hurt to crazy is it on; sleeves stitching and machine sewing a at sitting somebody on depends stuff The elsewhere. labor cost lower much with compete not should and cannot market apparel [U.S.] intensive labor The 
firms. apparel traditional of arsenal management the of part not were skills new these say, to Needless manner. efficient and flexible a in products source) (or manufacture and production, track plan, forecast, to information incoming using of capable systems information and management creating as well as orders, real-time electronic, handle to systems establishing requires This practices. retailing new by them on placed demands stringent the to efficiently and accurately respond to capability their on focus now must manufacturers apparel Successful game. price/cost simple a than more is today production clothing Fortunately, 
retailers. to links information basic providing beyond production innovate to little done have that those than better much perform information use and collect to innovations major in invested have that apparel-makers important, Most manufacturing. of stages other in innovations in invest to as well as investments, such make to likely most the been have retailers innovative by pressure greatest under firms those that found have we addition, In emerged. practices retailing of types new that period same the during services associated other and systems, distribution technologies, information in investments suppliers’ apparel in increases substantial been have there that demonstrates data industry detailed of Analysis skills. new these building are leaders apparel that indicates research our Yet 
introduced. been have practice manufacturing in changes fundamental more other if only benefits competitive provide competitiveness—can industry for attention of focus traditional room—the assembly 3:  The Proposition 
room.28 sewing the in been has efforts productivity most of focus the phases, assembly in concentrated is cost labor largest the Because costs. labor reducing around again, once revolves, reduction cost unit of method conventional the result, a As options. such few have however, manufacturers, Small orders. their of size the of because suppliers on pressure some exert can they manufacturers; apparel larger for option viable a is costs textile Reducing costs.27 compensation from arises percent 25 while materials, of cost the from comes shirts men’s for shipments of value the of percent 50 to close example, For labor. and materials of composed are costs input of majority The investment. capital of level modest a and labor, zippers, and buttons like accessories thread, fabric, straightforward: relatively are production garment to inputs The 
operation. the of completion rapid for incentives providing basis, piece-rate a on paid are wages costs, supervisory constrain and worker) per output (physical productivity foster To process. production the in operator next the to forward moved then are bundles Completed bundle. the in item each on operation single her undertakes and parts garment unfinished of bundle a receives who worker, single a to assigned is operation Each operations. or worksteps of series a into garment-making breaking entails which production, “bundle” by done typically is assembly Garment 
that 1990 in view this expressed Commerce of Department U.S. the of Administration Trade International The productivity. labor in improvements continuous some achieve to able been have manufacturers American processes assembly apparel of refinement ongoing through that true is It steps. assembly labor-intensive for substitute to technologies new adopting or pace, their increase to workers encourage to rate incentive the changing step, each for requirements labor direct reduce to process assembly the “engineering” methods: of variety a using system, bundle the of efficiency the improve to modifications involves generally This manufacturers. U.S. for grail holy the productivity, assembly improve to sought have participants industry Many 
heights.29 new to levels production taking attention, more receive then will speeds operating higher for quest the and future, near the in resolved be may machines by fabrics cut handling of difficulty The another. to style one from transition instantaneous almost for geared manufacturing, robotized automated, of favor in out phased be eventually will form labor-intensive current its in Garment-making manufacture. clothing of nature the alter dramatically technology in innovations expected as survive, likely not will strategies new employ to hesitates who producer The 
practices. management in changes other and retailers with links information in invested not has it if viable competitively be not may hand, other the on operations, assembly productive and innovative with firm a room; sewing organized traditionally a with successful be still can manufacturer apparel an that shows study Our whole. a as operations its of logistics the manages it how by more and operations assembly its manages company a how by less driven being already is performance competitive fact, In alone. materials and labor of costs direct traditional the than rather market to time and reliability, information practices, replenishment inventory costs, inventory to attention pay channels well-integrated in Managers performance. of measures significant other misses wisdom conventional the here Yet 
distribution. automobile of method their restructuring radically of throes the in currently are companies car that wonder little is It cost.30 final of percent 34 and 15 between anywhere retailing—constitute automobile of structure traditional the with associated costs—those distribution-related contrast, In car. a of cost final the of percent 40 constitute assembly with associated costs labor current the instance, For segments. product many in retailing revolutionized has technology information that now sense much as makes longer car—no a assemble to required minutes labor total the as industries—such many in analysts and practitioners preoccupied has that productivity labor on emphasis The way. hard the lesson this learning ones only the not are manufacturers Apparel 
survival. long-term its to critical prove will products fashion-basic and basic channel, the of grace saving the as fashion of 4:  Instead Proposition 
States. United the to return then can offshore sourced been had that products fashion-oriented the of some result, a As products. fashion-oriented less to downward diffused be can end fashion the at experience the believe, proponents of variety a established, Once markets. men’s extent, limited more a to and, women’s the of end fashion the on response” “quick for allows infrastructure This them. shape as well as demands, changing to quickly respond can and cities these in located are manufacturers and designers of number large a because area this in advantage competitive a have to continue Angeles Los and City York New fashion. of edge cutting the for premium a pay to consumers by willingness a and offerings, seasonal changing constantly design, new by driven is which Avenue, Seventh City’s York New of think often they industry, apparel U.S. the consider people When 
concludes: America, in Made Productivity, Industrial on Commission MIT the by report acclaimed highly The market. to proximity their on capitalize can firms U.S. because hope best its be may 9) page 1.1, Figure in triangle fashion the of “top” (the industry the of end fashion high the that assume often manufacturing apparel domestic of view pessimistic a with Those 
production.31 mass to committed still firms of needs the suit to adapted is industry, this in technology new much like or, industry the of segments turnaround quick high-fashion, the to down diffuses it whether on depends that experts, industry to According succeed? Response Quick Will competitiveness.... and productivity to boon important an be could program The system.... the throughout time turnaround improve and systems, recording standardize flow, information improve to designed Program, Response Quick the launch to joined recently have retailers and firms fiber and textile, Apparel, 
triangle. fashion the of bottom T-shirts—the and apparel, intimate jeans, like products fashion-basic and basic involves competition retail of form new the industry, the of segment Avenue” “Seventh fashion, the in arising than Rather retailers. among competition market of nature changing the by but policies of acceptance voluntary by not driven industry, the in emerged have demands competitive time-based different very that indicates research our however, succeeded, has Response Quick where of Regardless 
industries. other and this for usual than manner sophisticated more a in production execute and plan to information using manufacturers on depends viability this that however, mind, in Bear end.33 fashion the at response” “quick by saved be could that part the than run long the in viable be may industry the of portion larger far a that implies This shipments.32 all of percent 72 approximately for accounting sales, industry of share lion’s the constitute now categories apparel fashion-basic and Basic 
replenishment. using opportunities competitive new find may suppliers and retailers all that means products consumer myriad in elements fashion-basic of presence growing The computers. personal custom-configured offers Dell and bulbs, light different of shelves and shelves has Depot Home toothbrushes, of profusion a stock now stores Grocery well. as areas nonclothing in up cropping are dynamics Similar 
America. Latin and Caribbean, the Mexico, Canada, States, United the in processes production of range a on drawing America, North in remain can industry apparel viable a GATT, of implementation full with 5:  Even Proposition 
typical: is comment following The response. quick fashion-oriented and productivity assembly-room improve to taken steps with even industry, apparel U.S. the of viability long-term the about conclusions stark to leads It bleak. most sounds wisdom conventional the agreements, trade international to comes it When 
environment.34 trade new the from losses the of most sustain probably will industry, textile the than internationally competitive less and intensive labor more far is which industry, apparel The GATT.... the in to agreed policy trade the be will influential most the perhaps industries, apparel and textiles the in employment on impact substantial a have to expected are that factors the Among 
retailers. their and manufacturers some by pursued being practices innovative the of because sectors certain in resurgence a expect we fact, In products. certain for least at costs, labor direct high by doomed necessarily not is industry apparel U.S. the that means This reductions. tariff and imports, on quotas of elimination competitors, foreign of costs wage lower the declines—despite imports of advantage comparative the products, fashion-basic and basic with particularly market, to times lead reduce channels domestic When story. different somewhat a tells perspective channel the here, Even 
arrangements. existing revise and production offshore with associated costs total the reassess to have therefore will sourcing international on rely that retailers and Manufacturers arrangements. such challenge increasingly will require they times lead long the But costs. labor unit minimizing for quest a reflect years twenty last the over manufacturers and retailers by created been have that arrangements sourcing international the sure, be To 
market. U.S. the to time shorter a in delivered be can that items apparel for need consequent the and integration channel to attributable patterns sourcing new from arise fundamentally they (NAFTA), Agreement Trade Free American North the as such policy, trade U.S. in changes reflect part in shifts these Although nations.35 Caribbean and Mexico of those by displaced increasingly been has share U.S. Their percent. 26 to fallen had imports of share Four’s Big the 1996, by But quantity). of measure a equivalents, square-meter in (measured 1988 by imports apparel all of percent 51 and 1964 in imports apparel all of percent 39 provided nations of group This Korea. and Taiwan, Kong, Hong China, of Republic People’s Four”—the “Big Asian the primarily countries, low-wage from came 1980s the in imports apparel in surge The imports. apparel U.S. of sources the in restructuring major a suggest already data Trade 
risk. inventory to exposure lower and retailers for turnaround fast providing States, United the in inseams, long and waists narrow with pants khaki like demand, variable more with products manufacture to choose can company this time, same the at centers; distribution Texas maker’s the to proximity Mexico’s as well as costs labor low of advantage taking Mexico, in sizes average in pants khaki men’s basic assemble may instance, for apparel-maker, U.S. successful A sourcing. international and domestic both for practices management of set a requires now channel retail-apparel-textile transformed the in Competing enormous. are perspective policy public and private a from changes these of implications The 
future. a has industry apparel American the believe we making, are manufacturers U.S. many innovations the on based but, demanding, extremely be will arena competitive post-GATT The industry. apparel the to new are competition of model this for required capabilities the of many throughout, discuss will we As decisions. sourcing such making when proliferation product and uncertainty demand in factor will they Increasingly, manufacturers. American for action of course smartest the longer no is alone prices low for China or India to Going 
Organized Is Book This How 
executives. their with interviews conducted we which at or visited we that companies of list a and sources, data other and survey HCTAR the of description a acronyms, of list a present appendices The basis. continuing a on results our refine and ideas, test views, exchange to colleagues academic our and leaders, labor officials, government executives, business with closely worked have we Finally, time. over develops channel the as like look might practices optimal what understand to order in dynamics channel specific modeled have We visits. site at gathered data and enterprises individual of studies case numerous on draws also work Our sources. private and government U.S. of variety a from collected microdata with survey original the supplemented We industry. apparel the shipments—in the of one-third about representing sample units—a business 118 from collected we data survey detailed on based is analysis our of Much sources. of variety a from comes Time in Stitch A underlying research the disciplines, and perspectives academic separate our of Because 
perspectives. public-policy and private-performance, global, from whole, a as channel the examine 15 through 13 Chapters textiles. at look 12 and 11 Chapters industry; apparel the on focus 10 through 8 Chapters dynamics. channel emerging of aspect central management—a inventory of problems the of exploration an through operations apparel/textile and retailing between bridge a establish 7 and 6 Chapters sector. retail the in developments analyze 5 through 3 Chapters context. historical and overview an provide chapters two first The components. channel the to corresponding roughly sections, five into organized is Time in Stitch A 
telegraph. and railroad the of advent the with century nineteenth late the in occurred which transformation, industrial last the echo retailing lean by wrought changes the that clear make we Here enterprises. textile manufacturers—and and contractors, jobbers, of role the production—including apparel retailing, in developments resource human and technological recent of history brief a offers Prologue”) as Past (“The 2 Chapter introduction, this After 
suppliers. and manufacturers on effects their and decade last the over performed have retailers lean how indicating survey, our of results key the of some presents Retailing”) Lean of Impact (“The 5 Chapter together. firms—fit across standards and center, distribution modern the EDI, codes, retailing—bar lean of elements essential the how describes Retailing”) Lean of Blocks Building (“The 4 Chapter restructuring. retail of wave current the leading companies the and time, its of store grandest the Wanamaker’s, of comparison a with starting retailing, lean of method emerging the with practices traditional contrasts Revolution”) Retail (“The 3 Chapter book, the of section retailing the In 
lines. production short-cycle and traditional balances that one strategies, sourcing and production to approach new a describes also chapter This policies. inventory optimal set manufacturers help to items different for variation demand weekly using of importance the emphasize that cases two present We retailers. for rapidly items replenish to efforts their in challenges inventory new confronting are suppliers many channel, the in shifting are dynamics Because view. of point supplier’s the to switches Manufacturer”) the for Management (“Inventory 7 Chapter practices. retailing lean by modified been have they how discusses and management inventory retail of models formal at looks Retailer”) the for Management (“Inventory 6 Chapter suppliers. and retailers by faced demand overall of uncertainty the raised has proliferation Product suppliers. and retailers between “bridge” inventory the to move we Next, 
replenishment. rapid regarding decisions business other from separately treated be cannot policies resource human why discuss also We performance. firm production—on team-based, or modular, assembly—especially of methods alternative of impact the considers Apparel”) in Resources (“Human 10 Chapter workplace. apparel an through operations assembly of flow the arranging of ways alternative do—and operators sewing what to machines sewing of kinds different sewing—from of aspects technical the examines Room”) Sewing the and (“Assembly 9 Chapter customization. mass like areas new to adapted are they how and cutting and marker-making, design, apparel of steps preassembly the describes Sew”) to Ready (“Getting 8 Chapter practices. resource human related and operations apparel to devoted are chapters three next The 
sector. this in evolving channels multiple the address also we apparel-makers, for fabric producing as well as directly, users industrial and retailers supplying increasingly are firms textile Because enhancement. productivity dramatic through decades several past the over adjusted has industry domestic the which in ways the detailing context, international an in textiles U.S. places Textiles”) of Viability Economic (“The 12 Chapter automated. is which of much equipment, textile of sophistication technological and intensity capital the of because part in II, War World since remarkably changed has sector textile The products. knit and woven of range vast a to fibers converting in involved processes technological the describes Operations”) (“Textile 11 Chapter section, textile the In 
demands. retailing lean to respond to management of methods new and innovations, manufacturing technologies, information combining of importance the highlight we Here channel. integrated an in performance firm evaluating angle, another from results survey our examines World”) Lean a in (“Suppliers 14 Chapter world. the of parts different in flows trade of regionalization growing the emphasizing policies, trade changing to trends these connects then It products. specific and countries by trade on information including textiles, and apparel of exports and imports U.S. in trends reviews Marketplace”) Global (“The 13 Chapter policy. macroeconomic and standards labor to suppliers facing challenges management complex the channel—from retail-apparel-textile today’s shaping factors many the at look a with concludes Time in Stitch A 
industries. textile and apparel, retail, U.S. the of future competitive the at look realistic a take we least, not but Last level. macroeconomic the at prices consumer and cycle business the on integration information of effect the and trade, of economics international new the sweatshops, of problem continuing the about done be can what include These findings. our by raised issues policy public of number a on touches Channels”) (“Information-Integrated 15 Chapter Finally, 
century. last the of end the at landscape industrial the shifted communication and transportation in advances technical as just technologies, new in roots their have way under now changes the shows, chapter next the As automobiles. and computers, products, cereal of array “fashionable” more ever an expect also they Stores; Bond like store a at suit special a for up line longer no Consumers economy. the of portion considerable a reshaping processes into glimpse a provide book this in examined forces the important, more Even unconventional—outlook. optimistic—and cautiously our for basis the is perishability, product and time on emphasis its with channel, information-integrated The 



